# CodeGlow
This is a Google Chrome extension that syntax highlights a block of text between a group of delimiters given primarily by the characters `<pre>` and `</pre>`. The purpose of this code is to address the need for an extension
that doesn't appear to exists, which can style textual characters similar to how the "Tex All The Things" Extension can render LaTeX scripst between the delimiters `$` and `$`.

## How Does it Work?
This code uses the Chrome Extensions API which are given here: https://developer.chrome.com/docs/extensions/reference/. We must first note the basics of a simple Chrome extension architecture. We have that a Chrome extension normally consists of a `📜 manifest` file. The manifest file is an XML which Chrome uses to note information about the extension the files and the capabilities of the Chrome extension. We note that we can have a couple of scripts declared in the manifest file, but the two common types of scripts are background scripts and content scripts. Background scripts run in the background, and we can view the content of the background script by going to the Chrome menu ⋮ → Extensions → Manage Extensions → Inspect Views (Background Page) on the extension we wish to inspect. Content scripts are use to update the DOM and style content. We put our background scripts as the `📜 background.js` file and our content script in the `📜 content.js` file. There are other types of scripts that you can include: like a pop-up script, dev-tools script, and an options script which can be investigated or add in at a later time. Note, functions definted in one javascript file
